welcome back everybody to another desk
video where i
answer your toughest hottest most
in-depth questions about real estate
success
entrepreneurship life anything that
makes sense
and today one of the most trending
topics that we've found
is people are looking for how to get in
to real estate that is that simple and
that's what we're gonna talk about right
now
these are my three steps for how to get
into real estate
good
[Music]
now i don't know what it is maybe it's
2021 it's a year of change maybe
you've lost your job or maybe you quit
your job because you were like screw
this biff
i don't work for you anymore selling
toilets and you're like you know what
i'm going to do
i'm going to do that what that guy on
youtube does that guy that sells real
estate
didn't you just sell a place for 132
million dollars in two days in palm
beach and break a world record yes he
did
i want to go do that just like me and
that's why we're all
here right that's why you're here with
me i understand i totally totally
totally get it so step one
for getting in to real estate
you need to be licensed now same thing
like driving a car
right or being a lawyer being a doctor
you cannot
do any profession in this country or
anywhere
that affects other people's livelihoods
both
physically mentally and financially
unless you are
licensed through an accredited school
by the state so in new york you get
licensed
and there is a 75-hour course you can do
it online
these days or you can do it in person i
still think they're doing them in person
but mostly you can do all of these
things online and wherever you are in
the world
in the united states or any other
country you can look up
go on the internet you can look up real
estate school okay
real estate license and where you are
there are probably a handful of
different schools
and you can take the course and you go
through and you learn about super simple
things like
what is a house what's an appraiser
what is this law what is this what is
ethical what is not
and it's a lot of information that you
will never ever ever ever
ever use again but isn't that what
school is all about
yep and when you're done with the course
you're going to take a school test
most likely okay and in some states it's
different some states you can take
the school test over and over and over
others like florida
you get to take it twice and if you fail
it then you gotta wait another 30 days
right in other countries the rules are
completely different
every municipality has different rules
for how to get into real estate and in
some countries
you don't just do it in 75 hours you
have to go through
an intense real estate program that
lasts
years and years and years once you pass
the school test then you sign up to take
the state test
but the state test is harder so make
sure you
study i know i make selling homes seem
super simple
and tons of fun i do it in youtube
social
all over a million dollar listing on
bravo but there is a seriousness
to the work right and there's a massive
level of responsibility because you are
advising people
on probably their biggest purchase
or sale in their entire life you have a
fiduciary now to that client that you
are taking on
a significant amount of responsibility
when you work with
your new clients and no two
that you have to eat what you kill the
minute you get that license
you're not making money tomorrow there
is no paycheck
rolling in every thursday afternoon or
friday
82 of people who get their real estate
licenses
quit within the first year but let me
tell you this
if you have the entrepreneurial spirit
and if you want to work
just for yourself every day for the rest
of your life
and if you don't want anyone breathing
down your neck telling you you should be
doing this doing that
and you want to make as much money as
you can being a real estate agent is an
amazing amazing amazing career
so step one is getting that real estate
license
step two to getting into real estate you
need a sponsoring
broker typically an agent who's been in
the business for at least two years
who sold enough real estate to be able
to apply for the brokerage
license which is separate separate
course separate tests the whole thing
and then that broker can start bringing
on agents
underneath them so you need that broker
which is a brokerage company like
myself in new york sirhand or like
keller williams or like a century 21 or
a couple banker or the agency or
all of these companies these are called
brokerages you go to one of those
brokerages and you interview
you say i'm a newly licensed salesperson
i am hungry
i want to hustle this is where i live
this is what i know
i would love to work here and there's a
good chance that they could give you a
spot
but you need that sponsoring broker to
go online
okay under the state's website and
select your name next to your license
and associate your license with their
brokerage
once that's done then you can start
running around the streets
talk to all your friends everybody tell
them you're all in real estate
and that you're ready to help them buy
or sell or rent
any property ever in that state
a step three is the one you're gonna
like the absolute least
what the [__] do you know about advising
people on buying or selling homes
what do you know three is the most
important
and it's now you need to train with that
sponsoring broker
typically every brokerage has a training
program and you can go into that
training program
and hopefully you can find a more senior
agent who's really busy
and you can be their apprentice okay you
can go into a mentorship program a
shadowing program
and then you can learn underneath that
agent while you do all the work that
they don't want to do anymore and that's
fine
because you're brand new you just got
into this business that agent has buyers
that agent has sellers they got to do
lots of emails they got to do contracts
so they want you to help them to take a
lot of that work off their shoulders so
they can go in and just be rain makers
all day long
and you're gonna learn you're gonna be
part of the conversation you'll be ceced
on emails you'll understand oh who's
this person what's that person do what's
this
and ask tons and tons and tons and tons
and tons of questions
okay now if the brokerage that sponsors
your license doesn't have that kind of
program
then you can start looking for teams
there are plenty teams you could do the
open houses you could do the buyer
showings you could just be there
as an intern really learning with that
team
and seeing how they operate what is the
life of a real estate agent like
really what do they do when they come
into the office first thing in the
morning what do they do at the end of
the day
what do you do when you talk on the
phone to somebody you've never
spoken to before what do you need to
know
are you going to go show home you don't
know anything about the home who built
it
what kind of wood siding is on the house
when the chimney was built the last time
it was
inspected there's a lot of work you're
going to need to do and there's a lot of
information you need to absorb
it's going to take some time so being on
a team
is a great way to really just be
shotgunned
into the business because you're going
to be helping out a bunch of different
people
and you'll be surrounded by a good
family atmosphere because teams
stick together if you're on a team don't
just sit there and get people coffee and
do their contracts and
print things and scan things because
that's what they told you to do
and then say hey you never promoted me
no
do that stuff because that's what you
were hired to do but then
start to be the role before you are the
role so you want to be an agent on that
team
step up early don't wait
tell them you're happy to take that
client out no problem what are they
looking for they want something that's
ten dollars
no one else on the team wants to do it
you'll do it you know why because you've
never had a client before in your entire
life
you'll do it step up let's go do the
work put in the hustle be the role
before you are
the role that's what big money energy is
all
about my first year in the business i
made just over nine
thousand dollars but your first couple
years especially your first two
you need to think about the real estate
business like grad school
okay you probably didn't go to grad
school if you did
good for you and if you didn't no
problem
because now you're about to get into the
greatest career ever known okay but it's
going to take you a couple
years to really start getting things
rolling
like i'm doing deals right now with
clients that i've been
kind of talking to entertaining who i've
touched base with
for the last seven years okay but now
they're they're my clients right now
they want to go now good thing i talked
to them
five years ago things take time it takes
time to build up trust with people
where they're gonna work with you so
your first couple years you're gonna be
running around like a crazy person
that's what we built the course for so
you can kind of know what to do so those
are the three steps that you need to
know
on how to get into real estate you do
those three things
and you are on your way to becoming a
successful
real estate broker no matter where you
are
in the world it's all right that's the
end of this desk video if you liked this
especially this type of video hit that
like button because youtube
helps us and promotes the video so other
people can learn about how to get into
real estate
and anything else you want to hear me
talk about leave them in the comments
make sure to subscribe
hit the smash the thing and do all the
stuff
i love you all thank you so much for
[Music]
watching